Open the Customers list.
p02
Notice how the page stacks up.
p03
Summary numbers on top, insight cards in the middle, the table underneath.
p04
Every list in WashCentral is built this way,
p05
so the shape you learn right here is the shape you'll read on every screen after it.
p06
Start at the four tiles up top.
p07
They summarize the whole customer base in one glance:
p08
how many customers, how many active members, how many at risk, how many prospects.
p09
Read these before the table, because they frame everything the rows are about to show you.
p10
Below the tiles, three cards.
p11
One tracks growth over the year, one shows how members split across plans,
p12
one rates overall health from low to high.
p13
It's the trend and the risk at a glance,
p14
so you catch the story before you ever sort a column.
p15
Now the list card itself.
p16
Its title and the small label above it tell you which dataset you're looking at.
p17
Off to the right sit the action buttons.
p18
Two of them, Delete and Add Customer, change records,
p19
so we leave them alone today and just note where they live.
p20
Look at the search box.
p21
The grey placeholder inside it isn't decoration.
p22
It spells out every field the search will match: name, plate, email, location, plan.
p23
When you're not sure how a list can be searched, that hint answers it for you.
p24
Next to it, the Filters button.
p25
Watch the little number on it.
p26
Zero means nothing is filtered and you're seeing the full list.
p27
Anything higher means someone narrowed it,
p28
which is the first thing to check when a customer swears a record is missing.
p29
Run your eye across the headers.
p30
Six columns, and every one sorts,
p31
so you can order by plan, by join date, by monthly price, whatever the question needs.
p32
The checkboxes down the left let you pick rows for the Delete button.
p33
We won't check any.
p34
Look at the coloured chips in a row.
p35
The plan chip names what the customer pays for;
p36
the status chip is green for active, grey for inactive.
p37
Colour does the work, so you read a customer's standing in a glance instead of parsing text.
p38
Drop to the footer.
p39
The rows-per-page control and the page arrows are how you travel a big table.
p40
And these are big: this list runs past a million and a half migrated records.
p41
The tiles said two thousand, the pages say millions.
p42
Both are right, they're just counting different things.
p43
Now switch to Gift Cards.
p44
Same page, different subject.
p45
Tiles across the top, three insight cards, then the list.
p46
The words changed to cards and balances,
p47
but the skeleton is identical to the one you just learned.
p48
That's the whole point.
p49
Read the controls here.
p50
The search hint, the columns, and the rows-per-page choices, twenty-five, fifty, or a hundred,
p51
all match the Customer List.
p52
If the table reads couldn't load records, that's a data hiccup, not an empty list,
p53
and the dashes in the tiles are the same story.
p54
That's the pattern.
p55
KPI strip, insight cards, search and filters,
p56
sortable columns with chips, and a pager at the bottom.
p57
Learn it on these two lists and you've learned it everywhere.
p58
From here on, every list in WashCentral reads the same, no matter which module you're in.